one to all quite the best for
the guys I bring a script I think
they are called so that makes this very pretty
is what I explain first we go with the
installation to install we do not need
the block pro version 1.4 points I think
in the woman's options and we're leaving
to activate support to move
script and we put you in administer not
we put him in import and I do not know in what
keep it
on the scales
and nothing else is selected and imported
just like that and how they lower it so
Install level jacks
I loved this
for the insurance already in the title of the
the video in this way and if this
help to ride animals
good that we need to assemble the
animals from nothing absolutely nothing
more than a stick a single payment ok
what should
this
first what we have to do a stick
it is a stick any
and that already once having the stick
let's have good we give you a click and that
there is not a whole armor of I do not know what
it's mesh
armor
with a diamond sword and a chair
riding
Y
what do we do then it helps us to ride
many had wanted to ride animals and
you can ride everything from animals
up zombie scriptor and all those who
but our documents because they explode
a lot but if the cows what I do
would like it when sheet is updated
current lisa we are to be able to
control by how they see how they were not what
I control back
another thing that also attend powers at
stick
helps the mods fly away
177 and billy wright who use the canon
well this is basically almost what
bring this module
the dean
ah
the only problem with cows is that
they die when they fall
instead the chicks instead those that
here only to mount them on it
the saddle that you then give them
and automatically a cow with the
armor and the diamond sword
so they cut
and ready
to assemble them we only select
the comeback of the points and the
we select irán
the problem
immortal
come to your house and ended with the triumph
I recommend the chicken
that had gone flying
we select and if it comes flying
we select the stick and click on it
down
and see this if it does not fly good
I know why
well when once the chair is assembled
staff is because the selected one is the
stick and you only give a click but
for the animal automatically flying
yes
it is good to resist the falls
Now what I want to teach you
we are cornered and we only have
a stick we do not have any diamonds
only also of nothing of diamond
we only have one stick we are
surrounded by zombies
we select the suit
what we do to the zombie we are
cornered
we give a click and send it to take
by sack
at this time since it is properly
what else was it if every time
Click click to leave the objects alone to your
home
only with a charm stick that's why
said
this stays also serves to
any way necessarily for the
animals you can also fly the
animals
It's a world that helps you a lot
that's why I did not want to go up and also take
any object
I'm sending home but because no
I got the screen
i
well it's also a problem that if not
you give the animal to the cow
but come on let's go guys is all that
I wanted to show you I hope it serves you
and like it
Well, guys, nothing
good guys
For today
and they do not hurt you both
the many senses no boys that's
all for today's good for the day
today a video of how to install the
maps that have asked me
but this has been for this video very
guys I hope you liked it already
you know do not forget to leave your like your
comments and suggestions is appreciated
See you at the next
good good
Some